[docs] document CUDA version support (#3428)
microsoft/LightGBM: python-package/README.rst

For more details see `FindBoost <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/FindBoost.html>`__ and `FindOpenCL <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/FindOpenCL.html>`__.

Build CUDA Version
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: sh

    pip install lightgbm --install-option=--cuda

> All remarks from `Build from Sources section <#build-from-sources>`__ are actual in this case and `CMake`_ (version 3.16 or higher) is strongly required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All requirements from `Build from Sources section <#build-from-sources>`__ apply for this installation option as well, and `CMake`_ (version 3.16 or higher) is strongly required.
```

Author: This is standard phrase across this doc. Again, if you do not mind I'll change it in a separate PR to keep the doc consistent.

Reviewer: ah ok no problem. I was just taking the diff as-is...didn't realize some other these things were patterns reused elsewhere in the doc. Changing them in a different PR is ok and not urgent.

Run ``python setup.py install --gpu`` to enable GPU support. All remarks from `Build GPU Version section <#build-gpu-version>`__ are actual in this case. To pass additional options to **CMake** use the following syntax: ``python setup.py install --gpu --opencl-include-dir=/usr/local/cuda/include/``, see `Build GPU Version section <#build-gpu-version>`__ for the complete list of them.

> Run ``python setup.py install --cuda`` to enable CUDA support. All remarks from `Build CUDA Version section <#build-cuda-version>`__ are actual in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run ``python setup.py install --cuda`` to enable CUDA support. All requirements from `Build CUDA Version section <#build-cuda-version>`__ apply for this installation option as well.
```

Author: The same about a separate PR to change the wording of all paragraphs at once.
